Changelog updates (#33)
thrust/cub: DEVELOPMENT_MODEL.md

# CUB Development Model

The following is a description of the basic development process that CUB follows. This is a living
document that will evolve as our process evolves.

CUB is distributed in three ways:

   * On GitHub.
   * In the NVIDIA HPC SDK.
   * In the CUDA Toolkit.

## Trunk Based Development

CUB uses [trunk based development](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com). There is a single long-lived

> branch called `master`. Engineers may create branches for feature development. such branches always

Reviewer: ```suggestion
branch called `master`. Engineers may create branches for feature development. Such branches always
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.

merge into `master`. There are no release branches. Releases are produced by taking a snapshot of
`master` ("snapping"). After a release has been snapped from `master`, it will never be changed.

## Repositories

> As CUB is developed both on GitHub and internally at NVIDIA, there's three main places where code lives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As CUB is developed both on GitHub and internally at NVIDIA, there are three main places where
the code lives:
```

Author: Fixed.
